added option `google-readability-namespace-comments.AllowNoNamespaceComments` (#124265)
llvm/llvm-project: clang-tools-extra/docs/clang-tidy/checks/llvm/namespace-comment.rst

   An unsigned integer specifying the number of spaces before the comment
   closing a namespace definition. Default is `1U`.

.. option:: AllowNoNamespaceComments

   When true, the check will allow that no namespace comment is present.

>    If a namespace comment is added but it is not matching, the check will fail. Default is `false`.

Reviewer: Please, wrap line to 80 characters.

>    If a namespace comment is added but it is not matching, the check will fail. Default is `false`.

Reviewer: Nit: I am not a native speaker but I suggest there could be an easier to understand wording:
```suggestion
   If a namespace comment is present but does not match namespace definition, the check will fail. Default is `false`.
```

   An unsigned integer specifying the number of spaces before the comment
   closing a namespace definition. Default is `1U`.

.. option:: AllowNoNamespaceComments

>    When true, the check will allow that namespace comments are ommitted

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   When `true`, the check will allow that namespace comments are omitted
```

   entirely. The check only fails if a namespace comment is present but does

>    not match. Default is `false`.

Reviewer: Nit: I think it will make easier to understand what it tries to match. The same should be corrected in clang-tools-extra/docs/ReleaseNotes.rst if you wish to apply this fix.
```suggestion
   not match namespace definition. Default is `false`.
```

>    different than expeced. Defaults to `false`.

Author: 👍🏻

> 

Reviewer 2: Excessive newline.
